Add UI (#70)
widefix/actual_db_schema: README.md

- `rails db:rollback_branches:manual` - run it to manually rolls back phantom migrations one by one.
- `rails db:phantom_migrations` - displays a list of phantom migrations.

## Accessing the UI

The UI for managing migrations is enabled automatically. To access the UI, simply navigate to the following URL in your web browser:
```
http://localhost:3000/rails/migrations
```

> This page will display a list of phantom migrations for each database connection and provide options to view details and rollback migrations.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This page displays a list of phantom migrations for each database connection and provides options to view details and rollback them.
```

## Disabling the UI

> By default, the UI is enabled. If you prefer to disable the UI, you can do so in two ways:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By default, the UI is enabled in the development environment. If you prefer to enable the UI for another environment, you can do so in two ways:
```

### 1. Using Environment Variable

> Set the environment variable `ACTUAL_DB_SCHEMA_UI_DISABLED` to `true`:

Reviewer: Fix with `ACTUAL_DB_SCHEMA_UI_ENABLED` env var.

```sh
export ACTUAL_DB_SCHEMA_UI_DISABLED=true
```

### 2. Using Initializer
Add the following line to your initializer file (`config/initializers/actual_db_schema.rb`):

```ruby

> ActualDbSchema.config[:ui_disabled] = true

Reviewer: ```suggestion
ActualDbSchema.config[:ui_enabled] = true
```

Reviewer: Add text:

```
With this option, the UI can be disabled for all environments or be enabled in specific ones.
```
